[Speaker Deck] DMCA Takedown Notice

Name: [private]

Email: [private]

Subject: Copyright Infringement Notification: Blueliv

Message:

Hello,

We have detected in your website certain content that infringes the copyright and trademark rights of my company. In particular, the infringing material hosted in your network / website can be found at the following link https://speakerdeck.com/nawer/blueliv-presentation , which, as you may clearly see infringes the IP exclusive rights of Blueliv as it is illegitimately using such trademark without any
right or title granted by ours, also, the document is confidential and contains very sensitive information like a access credentials. Please see the following link corresponding to our corporate website of in which such trademark appears: https://www.blueliv.com/

Please take this email as a formal notice provided under Section 512 (c)of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), by means of which we are seeking the removal of the aforementioned infringing content from your servers. Thus, I request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your network / website in the future.

Please also note that the applicable law requires you, as a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this notice. Under such law a service provider may enjoy immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly in the following email address:

[private]
