[Speaker Deck] DMCA Takedown Notice

Name: [private]

Email: [private]

Subject: Notice of Unauthorized Use of Yahoo! Inc. Properties

Message:

Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf?
Yes

Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.
Yahoo is the exclusive owner of all trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in – and in connection with – the technical support services offered via the Yahoo.com website; https://help.yahoo.com/kb/helpcentral. It has come to our attention that the following webpage is using your service and/or server space to host an unauthorized Yahoo support website that induces unsuspecting internet users seeking Yahoo’s technical support services into calling an unauthorized Yahoo support telephone number. Specifically, the operators prominently use, without authorization, Yahoo’s registered trademarks to impersonate Yahoo and falsely advertise provision of Yahoo support services by calling a toll-free telephone number prominently displayed on the website. Upon information and belief, this fraudulent telephone number connects users to operators that mislead the users into believing that the operators are authentic Yahoo technicians when they are not. These unauthorized technicians may then access users’ personal computers and compromise users’ confidential information. Since such activity harms the general public by threatening users' privacy and compromising Yahoo users’ personal and confidential information, we respectfully request that you immediately disable the content associated with the infringing URL.

What decks should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each deck: https://speakerdeck.com/yahoo4help/joun-marry

Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?
No

What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there specific changes the other person can make other than removal? Disable the URL.

Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please provide it:
No

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address:
[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:
[private]
